# Seminar Example App

This projects servers as an example for low code development with AWS Amplify.

## Prerequisites

You should have npm and node installed on your machine to run npm.
Moreover you should also have the [Amplify CLI](https://docs.amplify.aws/cli/start/install/) installed and configured.

## Initialize the repository

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm install`

This will install all necessary dependencies to start the frontend.

Also, in the project directory, you can run:

### `amplify init`

This will guide you through the initialization process for using amplify for that project. Be sure to run `amplify configure` beforehand to have a developer profile to access our amplify instance. Moreover, you should also make sure that you have the authorization to access our amplify instance.

## Start the project

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm run start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

## Pull and push changes from Amplify

If you want the current state that was configured in the Amplify console, you can run:

### `amplify pull`

In addition, if you are also using autogenerated GraphQL types from Amplify, you should also run `amplify codegen` afterwards.
Changes you made locally with the Amplify CLI can be pushed to Amplify via the `amplify push` command.
